Update integrations (#3278)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/what-is-opentelemetry.md

- Various other tools, such as the
  [OpenTelemetry Operator for Kubernetes](/docs/kubernetes/operator/)

OpenTelemetry is compatible with a wide variety of
[ecosystem integrations](/ecosystem/integrations/).

> OpenTelemetry is supported by a vast number of [vendors](/ecosystem/vendors/),

Reviewer: Rather than "vast" which is a weasel word, how about we say 60+ or the like?

Author: ```suggestion
OpenTelemetry is supported by 40+ [vendors](/ecosystem/vendors/),
```

like that? I counted the ones on the page and got to ~47
